have you wondered how you could have
found such a treasure the gods have a
plan for you a destiny I've seen its
power with my own eyes releasing the
sand turns back time only the holder of
the dagger is aware of what's happened
how did you do that
only the dagger can unlock the sands of
time and there are those who would use
this power to destroy the world time
will erase everything the only way to
stop this Armageddon is for us to take
the dagger to the secret Guardian temple
we must take it there Dustin you really
enjoy telling what to do don't you only
because you're so good at following
orders yeah don't press it look a census
they strike terror into the heart of all
they cross such a noble Prince cool
eeping to assist the ball and beauty who
said you were beauty there must be a
reason why you can't take your eyes off
me yo I fight back
the high temple it's guarded by some
sort of demon
Justin where's the dagger welcome to
search me for it I have to be very
thorough
it's time wait to get out of here
you